First try of cleaning up our doc (#53)
SUSE/doc-unversioned: container-guide/adoc/containers-orchestration.adoc

dc9dca018dad  docker.io/library/drupal:latest          apache2-foregroun...  4 seconds ago  Up 5 seconds ago  0.0.0.0:8080->80/tcp  drupal-frontend
....

[[sec-orchestration-podman-more]]
==== More on podman
If you want to learn more on podman and in depth instruction on how to handle pod deployment,
please check https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/ and https://github.com/containers/podman

[[sec-orchestration-kubernetes]]
=== Multi Container Host with Kubernetes

https://kubernetes.io[Kubernetes] is an open source container orchestration engine for automating deployment, scaling, and
management of containerized applications. The open source project is hosted by the Cloud Native
Computing Foundation (https://www.cncf.io/about[CNCF]).

With its large community of developers and abundant features and capabilities, Kubernetes has become
the de-facto standard and is included across most container-as-a-service platforms. Kubernetes
provides a set of functionality that are required to deploy containers at production level: storage,
high availability, lifecycle.

[[sec-k8s]]
==== Kubernetes (k8s)

> Kubernetes makes multiple machines work together to create a cluster which you will be able to
> interact with using an API. The deployment of Kubernetes itself has seen a lot of tools emerge, but
> the one we do favour at SUSE is https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com[Rancher]. Rancher is able to
> deploy Kubernetes, but also to manage application running on top of k8s. To be even more precise, a
> single Rancher setup can manage multiple Kubernetes cluster, easing the burden of managing the
> software you deployed just to run you application.
> 
> We won't describe here how to install and use
> https://www.rancher.com/products/rke[Rancher Kubernetes Engines (RKE)], as the
> https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com[Rancher's documentation] does that perfectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes allows multiple machines (or servers or nodes) to work together and create a cluster, which you can
then interact with using APIs. There are many tools available to deploy a Kubernetes cluster, but 
at SUSE, we recommend using https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com[Rancher]. 
With Rancher, you can not only deploy a Kubernetes cluster but also manage applications running on top of it. Additionally, a 
single Rancher setup can manage multiple Kubernetes clusters running anywhere from bare-metal, on-prem, or cloud service providers, making it easier to manage your applications while taking off the burden of managing the 
machinery to deploy them.

We won't describe here how to install and use
https://www.rancher.com/products/rke[Rancher Kubernetes Engines (RKE)], as the
https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com[Rancher's documentation] does that perfectly.
```
